1. Java

Java is a concurrent, class-based, object-oriented computer programming language. It is specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. The code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another.Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine regardless of computer architecture.

Java and C# are two very similar class-based and object-oriented programming languages that are well-optimized. Code in these languages need to be “compiled” into lower-level code before it runs. Java can be run on any operating system, while C# typically requires Windows and the .NET framework. 

2. C

C is a general-purpose, imperative computer programming language. C provides constructs that map efficiently to typical machine instructions, and it is used in applications that had formerly been coded in assembly language, including operating systems as well as various application software for computers and embedded systems.
C# is influenced by C. It adds classes and objects and has an automated memory management. 

3. Javascript

Javascript is a dynamic computer programming language.It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user. It can be used for visual effects, but also for doing things without having to update the entire webpage. Modern web apps require Javascript for many of their features. Javascript is also used in many web-related areas, such as creating browser extensions. 

In difference to C#, JS is not object-oriented and class-based. JS can be run on any platform, directly in any browser. 

4. PHP

PHP is a language built for creating dynamic web pages, and it runs on the server-side. A large number of websites and scripts are built using PHP, and web hosts often come with a list of one-click-install scripts. PHP has some issues, such as a messy syntax and certain inconsistencies and quirks. 

The main difference between PHP and C# is that PHP is a dynamic and interpreted while C# is static and needs to be compiled.

5. Python

Python is a general-purpose high-level programming language that can be used for web development but also outside of websites. Python aims to be very readable, so it is easy to figure out what some simple Python code accomplishes. 

PHP is a dynamic and interpreted while C# is static and needs to be compiled.